docs/contributing/coding-style.rst, before:

Coding Style
============

Saleor uses the `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/#install>`_ tool to check and
automatically fix any formatting issue before creating a git commit.

You can easily install it after having setup saleor by running the below instruction.

.. code-block:: console

  $ pre-commit install


Python
------

Always follow `PEP 8 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ but keep in mind that consistency is important.

String Literals
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Prefer double quotes to single quotes.

Wrapping Code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When wrapping code follow the "vertical hanging indent" format:

.. code-block:: python

   some_dict = {
       'one': 1,
       'two': 2,
       'three': 3,
   }

.. code-block:: python

   some_list = [
       'foo',
       'bar',
       'baz',
   ]

.. code-block:: python

   this_is_wrong = {
      'one': 1,
      'two': 2,
      'three': 3}

Please break multi-line code immediately after the parenthesis and avoid relying on a precise number of spaces for alignment:

.. code-block:: python

   also_wrong('this is hard',
              'to maintain',
              'as it often needs to be realigned')

Linters
~~~~~~~

Use `black <https://github.com/python/black/>`_ to make sure your code is correctly formatted.

Use `isort <https://github.com/timothycrosley/isort>`_ to maintain consistent imports.

Use `pylint <https://www.pylint.org/>`_ with the ``pylint-django`` plugin to catch errors in your code.

Use `pycodestyle <http://pycodestyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ to make sure your code adheres to PEP 8.

Use `pydocstyle <http://pydocstyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ to check that your docstrings are properly formatted.

``python -m pip install -r requirements_dev.txt`` can install these tools. For Pipenv users, they can also be installed by ``pipenv install --dev``.

Commit message:

Add note in docs about the 88 characters limit

docs/contributing/coding-style.rst, after:

Coding Style
============

Saleor uses the `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/#install>`_ tool to check and
automatically fix any formatting issue before creating a git commit.

You can easily install it after having setup saleor by running the below instruction.

.. code-block:: console

  $ pre-commit install


Python
------

Always follow `PEP 8 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_ but keep in mind that consistency is important.

The only difference with ``PEP 8`` is that we use a 88 characters line limit instead of 79.

String Literals
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Prefer double quotes to single quotes.

Wrapping Code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When wrapping code follow the "vertical hanging indent" format:

.. code-block:: python

   some_dict = {
       'one': 1,
       'two': 2,
       'three': 3,
   }

.. code-block:: python

   some_list = [
       'foo',
       'bar',
       'baz',
   ]

.. code-block:: python

   this_is_wrong = {
      'one': 1,
      'two': 2,
      'three': 3}

Please break multi-line code immediately after the parenthesis and avoid relying on a precise number of spaces for alignment:

.. code-block:: python

   also_wrong('this is hard',
              'to maintain',
              'as it often needs to be realigned')

Linters
~~~~~~~

Use `black <https://github.com/python/black/>`_ to make sure your code is correctly formatted.

Use `isort <https://github.com/timothycrosley/isort>`_ to maintain consistent imports.

Use `pylint <https://www.pylint.org/>`_ with the ``pylint-django`` plugin to catch errors in your code.

Use `pycodestyle <http://pycodestyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ to make sure your code adheres to PEP 8.

Use `pydocstyle <http://pydocstyle.pycqa.org/en/latest/>`_ to check that your docstrings are properly formatted.

``python -m pip install -r requirements_dev.txt`` can install these tools. For Pipenv users, they can also be installed by ``pipenv install --dev``.
